hi this is Tanner from electronics 123
calm and this is a really amazing little
camera this is the M you see 303 we have
three different versions of this camera
I'll put up a picture so you can get an
idea of the size it's on the end of this
wire you might not be able to see it we
have three versions the NBC 303 has a 90
degree right angle lens it is 3.6
millimeters in diameter the outside
diameter of the lens we have one coming
very soon not actually on our website
yet the M UC 302 and it'll be a straight
lens so it's not at right angle it's
also three point six millimeters outside
diameter and we have the NBC 301 which
it doesn't currently include a lens but
we have a custom manufacturer who's
looking into building us some 2.6
millimeter outside diameter lenses to go
on that camera just incredibly small in
addition to that we have three back ends
for this camera we have a USB back end
for connection to a computer this TFT
LCD screen back end with a DVR recorder
that you can record your video to an SD
card and we also have a standard
television like RCA back end for this
camera so let me just demonstrate this
DFT one real quick this is the three and
a half inch TFT LCD screen behind it
here we have the controller circuit
which you can also place your SD card in
and record your video to the SD card we
also have this USB port here for
connecting this to mass storage so you
don't even have to take your USB your SD
card out do connects to the computer and
in addition we have the control board or
the keyboard for this so you can control
it I bed and powered on here and you can
see the video from the camera right here
this is the camera I'll try and get a
little bit closer on it here it's just
so incredibly small and incredible
features the image quality is
exceptional
if you can see this on the video here
it's just an amazing little camera has
automatic white balance you can see if I
hold it up to this light here just a
really great little camera I'll go ahead
and put the links up on the newsletter
here and also attach them to the video
so you can check it out on our website
all the data sheets and everything is
available for it so definitely check it
out really cool little camera